---
layout: post
title: Rubber on the Rocks?
description: My introduction.
image: assets/images/sample.jpg
---

## Let's keep it simple

I love to write and talk about climbing. Problem is that I've been doing it privately for fear of people not agreeing with my point of view on such a topic. I don't care anymore. I'll be posting about everything climbing. Training. Stories. Advice. Beta. Everything!

Rubber on the rocks is just a name I chose for myself. It's a play on words and I thought it was perfect (surprisingly was on of the few names still available).

So chalk up, rope up, and hang on for the ride.

## Alright, here are the details

I wouldn't consider myself a writer, yet I always find myself writing. Whether it's a simple journal entry of my thoughts or meticulous documentation of my climbing training. I've always done it in secrecy.

Part of that reason has just been because I never thought it was quality material to put out there and share. And part of it was just because I was scared as to how people would take my point of view on things.

But then I thought to myself and realized that there's no harm in adding a different perspective to the climbing community. So here's to a new blog to store my thoughts, my training, my experiences, etc. all that have to do with climbing.

My name is Myles Enriquez. I was bored and raised in Las Vegas, NV. I got into climbing a little over 4 years ago through a friend[MENTION ALBERT] that invited me and a group of others to climb at a local climbing gym. At this point all I knew about climbing was Cliff Hanger with Sylvester Stallone. All it took was one session and super sore hands/forearms the next morning for me to be hooked.

From then on I've been climbing, getting injured, watching climbing vids, reading blogs, literally dissecting the art of climbing and learning as much about it as I could. I'm not a pro, and I'm not climbing crazy ass routes (hopefully one day), but I have a learned a lot and I want to share everything I know.

I guess the reason for this is not to only share and help out, but hopefully find like-minded climbers and learn from them.
